[Source Code](https://github.com/nuxt-alt/auth/blob/main/src/runtime/schemes/cookie.ts)

`cookie` has been moved to its own scheme so it no longer extends the local scheme. The config is the same as local scheme, b but without the token config.

## Options

```ts
auth: {
    strategies: {
        cookie: {
            cookie: {
                // (optional) If set, we check this cookie existence for loggedIn check
                name: 'XSRF-TOKEN', // 
            },
            user: {
                property: 'user',
                // autoFetch: true
            },
            endpoints: {
                login: { url: '/api/auth/login', method: 'post' },
                logout: { url: '/api/auth/logout', method: 'post' },
                user: { url: '/api/auth/user', method: 'get' },
                // (optional) If set, we send a get request to this endpoint before login
                csrf: {
                    url: ''
                }
            }
        },
    }
}
```


### `endpoints`

::card
#title
Additional Information
#description
Each endpoint is used to make requests using ohmyfetch.
::alert{type="info"}
To disable each endpoint, simply set its value to `false`.
::
::

### `cookie`

::card
#title
Additional Information
#description
##### `name`
- Default: `undefined`

The cookie name to watch
::

### `user`

::card
#title
Additional Information
#description
Here you configure the user options. Note that these options should be set in local.user and _not_ in the user endpoints options (local.endpoints.user). Refer to the example above for further clarification.

##### `property`

`property` can be used to specify which field of the response JSON to be used for value. It can be `false` to directly use API response or being more complicated like `auth.user`.

##### `autoFetch`

-   Default: `true`

By default, auth will load the user's info using a second HTTP request after a
successful login. This option disables that request, but does not disable
fetching user info from the user endpoint; set `endpoints.user: false` for that.

> TIP: Set this to false when you want to return the user info from your login request to save an extra HTTP roundtrip. To do so, get the response from `loginWith` and pass the data to [setUser](../api/auth#setuser-user). Note that, unless you disable the user endpoint with `endpoints.user: false` you will still need to implement the user endpoint so that auth can fetch the user information on e.g. page refresh.
::